# Flunky Spring Web MVC Implementation

## Entities File

A CSV file that contains information about entities to be created for your generated project.

    entityName - (required) Java class name for an entity.
    singular - (required) A descriptive name for a singular instance of this entity. It is recommended that this name be capitalized.
    plural - (required) A descriptive name for multiple instances of this entity. It is recommended that this name be capitalized.
    toString - (required) A Java expression which is used to override the toString() method for this entity. 
    
### LIST
    parentEntity - (optional) 
    mainField - (required) This should be a natural key for this table, although that is not srictly required. On a list page, this will be the default sort field and it will be the link to take uers to the view page.
    defaultSort - (required) The default sort direction on a list page. Valid values are ASC or DESC.
    defaultPage - (required) The default number of records shown on a list page. Valid values are 5, 10, 20, or 50.
    
### FAKE DATA
    
    nbrOfFakeRecords - (required) The number of records for this entity created when the FakeDataFactory is executed.

## Fields File

A CSV file that contains information about entity fields to be created for your generated project.

    entityName - (required) Java class name for an entity.
    fieldName - (required) Variable name for a field in the named entity.
    label - (required) A descriptive label for this entity name. It is recommended that this label be capitalized.
    type - (required) Valid standard Java values are BigDecimal, Boolean, Byte, Short, Integer, Long, Date, or String; but may also be an entity type or an enum type.
    length - (required if type is String) This is the length of the field.
    precision - (required if type is BigDecimal) This is the total number of digits in the field.
    scale - (required if type is BigDecimal) This is the number of digits to the right of the decimal.
    nullable - (optional) Valid values are true or false. If left blank, true is the default. May not be true if this is this the main field for this entity.
    temporalType - (required if type is Date) Valid values are DATE, TIME, or TIMESTAMP.
    enumType - (required if type is an enum) Valid values are STRING or ORDINAL.
    joinColumn - (required if type is an entity) The SQL column name which is used as the foreign key from this entity to the other. 

### LIST

    listDisplay - (optional) Whether or not this field appears on a list page. Valid values are show, hide, or sort. If left blank, show is the default.
    
### VIEW

    viewDisplay - (optional) Whether or not this field appears on a view page. Valid values are show or hide. If left blank, show is the default.
    
### EDIT

    editDisplay - (optional) Whether or not this field appears on a edit page. Valid values are show, hide, or edit. If left blank, show is the default.
    dftValue - (optional) The default value for this field in a new entity.
    
### FAKE DATA

    fakeRandomBoolean - If this is true and type is Boolean, then FakeDataUtil will generate a random value (TRUE or
        FALSE) for this field.
    fakeLowValue & fakeHighValue - If these have values, they represent the high and low bounds for a value randomly
        generated by FakeDataUtil. If type is BigDecimal, these values are decimal numbers. If type is Byte, Short,
        Integer, or Long; these values are integer numbers. If type is Date and temporalType is DATE or TIMESTAMP, these
        values represent number of days off from the current date. If type is Date and temporalType is TIME, these values
        represent number of minutes off from the current time.
    fakeStringType - If type is String, valid values are WORDS, ALPHABETIC, ALPHANUMERIC or NUMERIC.
    fakeStringModifier - If type is String, valid values are LOWER_CASE, UPPER_CASE, or CAPITALIZE.
    
## TODO

|  x  | Pts | Task
| --- | --- | ---
|     |  3  | Add parent entity to entity csv.
|     |  1  | Make entity.plural optional. Default to ${entity.singular}s |
|     |  1  | Make entity.toString optional. Do not generate a toString() method if left blank.
|     |  1  | Import StringUtils and MiscUtils into entity class so static methods from those utility classes can be used in the toString expression.
|     |  1  | Make entity.defaultSort optional. Default to ASC.
|     |  1  | Make entity.defaultPage optional. Default to 10.
|     |  1  | Make entity.nbrOfFakeRecords optional. Default to 0.
|     |  2  | Make field.dftValue a Java expression.
|     |  3  | Add a boolean field.fakeData to say whether or not we generate fake data for this field.
|     |  2  | Add a number field (between 0 and 100) to say what percentage of the time a nullable field should have a null value.
|     |  5  | Add simple date & time pickers on edit pages.
|     |  8  | Add filters on list pages.
|     |  13 | Add list of entities as a field type for entities.
|     |  3  | Controller Unit tests.
|     |  2  | View Unit tests.
|     |  1  | Service Unit tests.
